90210 #403
"Greek Tragedy"
Closed Captioned
Previously on 90210:
Annie Wilson, will you marry me?
(quietly):
No.
Just so we're clear,
this is a loan.
You're family, Navid,
and family should never say no.
I have this meeting
with Juice Randall tomorrow
and I only have two tracks done.
I'm gonna have to pull
a all-nighter
and I'm already
losing energy.
I got my ADHD medication
here somewhere. Here you go.
LIAM:
You are a reminder of what
happened this summer,
but not just the accident.
See, I was supposed
to be comforting
my friend's wife.
And instead, I
started falling for
her.
We've needed a bigger
house for years,
and then you came
along and stole it.
You're the other bidder.
You had me going through hell,
even though I never had a chance
to get into Kappa.
Your house was perfect
for Kappa, but you never were.
I'm planning revenge
on that bitch Holly.
What she did was awful.
I'm gonna go drop out
of Kappa.
No! No, no, no, you can't.
I need someone on the inside.
♪ ♪
(chuckles)
Oh, look, the janitors
got new uniforms.
I kind of preferred
the old ones.
This one's very Sunset
streetwalker.
Go to hell, Holly.
This is all your fault.
It may be my fault that you
terrorized the football team,
but it's your fault
the dean sentenced you
to community service.
(chuckles) Please, I don't need
you or your stupid sorority.
Right.
Well, I guess we'll see you at
the Greek Mixer tomorrow night.
Oh, wait.
We won't because
it's for Greek members only.
Too bad.
Missed a spot.
(chuckles)
♪ ♪
Mmm.
Go!
Later.
(laughs)
You've been saying
that all week.
There's no more later.
You've a bar to open.
Yeah, but this is more fun.
This isn't gonna
pay the mortgage.
Well, as long as they don't
repossess the bed, we're fine.
(chuckles)
Seriously,
we can't keep
avoiding real life.
Get out there and
scrub something.
(groans)
(laughs)
Fine.
You coming?
In a minute.
Nice coat. Does it come
with an igloo?
(chuckles)
I stocked the walk-in with
eight-dozen cases of beer.
So you and Jane seem cute
together.
How's it going
with you guys?
Yeah, can we not talk
about that?
Sure.
Is everything okay?
Listen, with everything
that you did to Silver,
it's just kind of hard
to pretend that we're friends.
I mean, we've been working
together for a week.
You hired me.
As a favor to Dixon.
Look, I'm happy to help you out
with a job,
I really am,
but let's just keep us
at coworkers, okay?
Mm-hmm.
(pop music playing)
(both laughing)
Don't lose eye contact.
Yes! It is so good!
Dude.
It's so... It's
like Jay-Z meets
some crazy rave dance party
in the desert kind of good.
You did it
in three days?
Yeah. Yeah, I've been
really focused lately.
And with Austin
gone for a week,
I can get a lot of work done,
especially wit him
not singing Garth
or sweating Taylor.
Taylor Swift is hot.
Yes.
I mean, if you're into that
whole blonde, perfect smile,
perfect voice type of thing,
which I'm clearly not.
He's not making it better.
He has no idea.
So, um, do you guys think
it's ready
for Liam's bar opening?
Definitely.
Are you kidding me?
Don't-don't second-guess
yourself. It's perfect.
Yeah.
All right,
all right, cool
'cause the producer,
Juice Randall, he's coming,
and if he likes it,
there's no telling
what could happen.
He could let me produce a track
on his next album.
Mmm! It's amazing!
(laughs)
Oh, uh, but I kinda promised him
some stage time
at the studio
for a discount.
You know, the-the record company
kinda cut his budget.
No, no problem, man.
Just, uh, have him call
my, uh, my assistant.
Call me. (laughs)
(Dixon laughs)
(knocking)
Knock, knock.
Hi.
What's in the box?
Oh, just some old junk.
How's my newest Kappa sister
doing?
Uh, I'm okay.
You know,
it's just a big transition.
Yeah, I totally know
how you feel.
It's really hard leaving behind
family and friends.
And speaking of friends,
I'm sorry I was so harsh
with your friend Naomi.
That's not usually
how I do things here.
Oh, no. (scoffs) Naomi?
I mean, we just went
to school together.
We were never really that close.
Makes sense.
(chuckles)
You're so sophisticated,
and she's so nouveau riche;
living proof
you can't buy class.
Anyway, now that
you're officially
a Kappa girl, it's time
to pay your house dues.
Uh, about that...
Look, I was supposed to get
this inheritance money,
and then things just got
really complicated.
You think there's any way
that I could get an extension?
Yeah, no worries.
We'll figure something out.
Actually, maybe
you could do me
a favor in the meantime.
Kappa is hosting the Greek Mixer
tomorrow night,
and as you know, the house isn't
big enough to fit the crowd.
So I've been looking
for other locations.
I hear you know someone
who owns a beach bar.
Maybe you could hook
a sister up?
Oh... I-I-I don't know
about that.
Liam and I are not exactly
on the best
of terms.
Oh.
But you know what?
That's no problem.
Yeah, it's fine. I should
probably talk to him anyway.
Thank you so much.
You're the best.
Thanks.
Bye.
I'll see you later.
(loud rock playing)
Hi.
(music stops)
Uh, well, look, I just came
to ask a favor.
Not that I'm in any position
to be asking
for favors
right now, but I wanted
to see if you'd be able
to host this thing
for my sorority tomorrow night.
I know, it's so weird
I'm in a sorority.
But yeah, I know you guys
haven't even opened yet,
so if you're too busy,
I totally understand.
No.
No. I mean, it's great.
It'll be, you know,
great to get people in the door.
Yeah.
It's... it's great.
Well, great.
But, um, that's not really
why I came.
I mean, it is,
but it's not.
I miss you, Liam.
And I know that that sounds
crazy coming from the girl
that turned down your
marriage proposal.
Twice.
Right, yeah.
Look, I know that our
relationship has always been
really complicated,
but I don't know.
I thought maybe
we could just
start over and see
where it goes.
Uh, maybe you'll even
ask me again sometime.
Third time's a charm, right?
Liam...
I need to talk to you.
Annie, wait!
You proposed to me last week,
and you're already sleeping
with somebody else?
No, it's not like that.
I met Jane over
the summer.
What?! So you were with her
before you proposed to me?
Oh, my God...
I-I can't believe I spent
all this time missing you
and you've just
been with her.
I wasn't with her!
I feel like such an idiot.
I can't believe
that you would do this to me.
You were the one
that turned me down.
And it's a good thing
that I did!
You said that you loved me
and that you wanted to spend
the rest of your life with me.
Were you just lying
the whole time?
No, I did love you.
I still love you. Just...
You know what?
Save it for your new girlfriend.
You proposed
to someone last week?
I'm sorry. I should have told
you about Annie.
We used to be together,
and then everybody decided
they wanted to go to college.
And I didn't know what I wanted.
I just, I knew
I didn't want that,
you know?
So I left
to figure stuff out.
And instead, I met you
and...
things got... you know.
So I came back,
and Annie was here,
and I asked her to marry me.
I guess I didn't really know
what I wanted.
You don't have to explain
anything to me.
Of course, you had
a life before me.
I want to be with you.
We're two people
in a lot of pain
after someone close to us died.
The truth is
we both have lives
that are complicated
enough as they are.
I'm going back to Alaska.
Don't... don't leave.
I have to.
SILVER:
Okay, for tomorrow,
you have a conference call
with some prospective
clients at 9:00.
Okay.
You have a lunch
with the head
of Buildings
and Grounds at 1:00.
And then Juice,
who is Dixon's friend,
starts on Stage Four.
You really are
doing a great job.
Thank you.
No, thank you.
Okay, why didn't you tell
me about your Uncle Amal?
What about him?
He's starting work over
there on Stage Seven.
I met him this morning.
He's a nice guy.
Oh, uh, right.
I completely forgot.
I'm actually going to go
catch up with him.
Uh, see you at home?
Yeah.
Okay.
Bye.
Keep up the good work.
What do you think
you're doing here?
You owe me money, and
I haven't seen a dime yet.
So I decided that I will accept
rent-free stage time as payment
until you square up.
Are you seriously
shooting porn back there?
You know what, I don't
even want to know.
It was a huge mistake
asking for your help.
I will get you your money,
and you're getting
the hell out of here.
Oh, thank you
for the smoothie,
but any chance you have some
vodka to spike it with?
Rough day?
Rough month.
Well, lay it on me.
Max detail.
I'm a psych major and I come
from a long line of head cases,
so there is nothing that you
could say that would shock me.
Okay, well, you know
my ex-boyfriend
who proposed to me,
has already found somebody new.
Guys suck.
And that is why you have
sorority sisters now.
Hey, I've got some
friends visiting
from out of town tomorrow.
Why don't you come
have dinner with us?
Take your mind off things.
Oh, I can't.
The cherry on top
of my sad sundae--
I'm broke,
and my parents
are tapped out.
Can't even afford
my sorority dues.
No worries.
My friends are
totally rich.
They'll pay for everything.
Like everything.
It's no big deal.
So you'll come?
Sure, why not?
I mean, it can't get
much worse, right?
Yay!
NAOMI:
Agh!
Worst day ever.
What's up?
I tried petitioning
the administration
to let me start
my own sorority.
And apparently,
it's a whole process.
Whatever happened
to the good old days
when you could just buy
your way into high society?
Girl, there was nothing
good about those days.
You look horrible.
What have I told you about
moisturizer-- twice a day
keeps the bags away.
Yeah, I know, all right?
I just...
Raj is in, like,
a lot of pain these days,
and I can't, like,
do anything about it,
you know.
I just... I can't, like,
make it go away.
It's just hard.
I know exactly what
you mean about pain.
Holly is torturing me.
I mean, without being
part of Greek life
I can't get into any
of the good parties.
Yeah. Yeah, no, I, yeah.
I mean, that's actually exactly
what I was talking about.
That's exactly
what I'm going through.
WOMAN: Slice of pie?
Because my husband's cancer
equals not having
a social life.
WOMAN:
Pie?
Would you like a slice
of pie?
Pie?
NAOMI:
Oh, my God, that's it.
That's it.
So you're trying to
help save your charter?
That's what the sign says.
And do you have enough here
with your bake sale
to cover everything?
Oh, gosh no.
We're in the red pretty deep.
Would you like to buy
another slice of pie?
If you let me in
your sorority,
I'll buy your entire charter.
You want to be
in our sorority?
Look at you and look at us.
It's like before and after
pictures.
I... I don't see the difference.
I've always wanted
to be a Zeta Rho Phi.
Pi.
Whatever.
What do say,
am I in?
I don't think so.
Give her a chance.
I like her shoes,
and she smells like
lavender ice cream.
Fine.
Yay!
As your new president,
I'd like to welcome you
to your new home.
We get to live here?
Cool. There's a pond
for my snakes.
That's a dipping pool.
The only time there'll be
snakes in that water
is when we have frat guys over
for late-night soirees.
All right, ladies,
tonight is the first
Greek Mixer
of the season, and
with the fashion gods
as my witness, we will
make a good impression.
Good thing I brought my
fashion god rosary beads.
You. I wouldn't change
anything about you.
Really?
No!
See, sarcasm isn't
always funny.
How is a guy going to know
you're flirting with him
if he can't tell that
you're being serious?
Those guys aren't worth my time.
(laughing) That's a good one.
Alexis,
you have an
incredible body.
Bitch. It's almost
as good as mine.
I dig the ink,
but I don't like skulls
or dead unicorns.
It's art.
Well, then hang it
at another gallery.
Alana, I get it--
geek is chic, but I'm
calling my hair stylist.
You need a new look
from the neck up.
And judging by the lip brow,
perhaps a little grooming
from the waist down?
Okay.
You all are beautiful women.
I see a bit of me
in each of you.
And I love that part of me.
And tonight, CU's
going to love it, too.
(phone ringing)
Shirazi Studios.
Silver speaking.
You know, actually I'm going
to have you speak
to Mr. Shirazi.
One second.
Navid.
Yeah?
Justin Bieber's manager
is on the phone.
They're shooting a video.
Stage flooded.
They need space immediately.
We're booked.
No, we're not.
Hi. Navid Shirazi here.
How may I help you?
All right.
Sure.
That's very generous
of you,
but it would cost us
at least that much
to rearrange
our schedule.
Add 20 grand
to that number
and we have a deal.
Great.
Well, I'll see you tonight.
What are you doing?
We're booked.
What else am I going to do?
I need to make money somehow.
Let's put them on Stage Four.
No, no, no, that's where
Dixon's producer's working.
Yeah. I'll talk to him.
I'm doing Dixon a favor anyway.
Maybe he'll be okay
if I give him a good deal
next week.
Look who it is.
You know,
I'm impressed.
I rarely see people carry
their freshman 15 so well.
I need tickets
to the Greek Mixer.
Are you as dense as
you are undignified?
You can't go because you're
not a member of a sorority.
Not only am I a member of
the sorority, I'm the president.
Of what, the new money,
no taste house?
Zeta Rho Pi.
You joined my big fat
Greek sorority?
They're total losers.
Of course they're losers.
That doesn't matter.
All that matters
is that I'm in a sorority.
Anyway, I think
you'll be quite impressed
by their new look tonight.
Well, you're lucky
it's a toga party.
Drapery hides
a lot of flaws.
As do masks.
You should definitely
keep that in mind.
Keep the change.
Hey. Got some take-out
if you want some.
Uh, no, thanks.
I'm not really hungry.
Are you okay?
I actually just booked
a flight home.
Things didn't
work out with Liam.
Because you're pregnant?
I saw the home
pregnancy test
in the girls' bathroom garbage.
What am I going to do?
I'm 20 years old.
And the baby's father is dead.
I can't do this alone.
You're not alone.
You have Liam.
This isn't going
to scare him off.
Exactly. He'll feel like
he has to be with me
even though he has feelings
for someone else.
Promise me that you won't
say anything.
Okay.
I promise.
My feet hurt, and we
haven't even walked yet.
Must I go over
this again?
What is rule number one?
Sleep on your back so gravity
can fight age lines.
Close, but that's
number five.
Number one-- it's better to look
good than to feel good.
That's right, Margene.
Good job.
MARGENE:
I know this may sound silly,
it's just, I don't usually
feel pretty
and tonight I do.
Margene, it's because
you are pretty.
All of you are pretty.
This is it, ladies.
Remember the three Ps--
Poise, posture, and when in
doubt, purse those lips.
To Zeta Rho Pi, bitches.
ALL:
To Zeta Rho Pi.
ALEXIS:
I thought you said
this was a toga party.
MARGENE:
Oh, my God.
Well, this is
going well.
That bitch set me up.
Well, Madam President, what do
you suggest we do now?
Can we just go home?
No, we're not
going anywhere
except into that party.
I just have to make
a phone call first.
(people chatting, laughing)
This is so good.
It's like fire
but cold.
It's like cold fire.
Cold fire.
I know.
It's called raki.
It is very popular in Turkey.
We drink it on
special occasions.
And in Turkey, every night
is a special occasion.
Well, I could get used
to the Turkish lifestyle.
You must come
and visit.
It's my treat.
Thank you so much.
No, thank you.
Your presence is...
how do you say, priceless.
Well, gentlemen, this
has been really fun,
but we've kind
of got to go.
Must we end so soon?
Mmm, yeah, we got to get
to the Greek Mixer.
May we join you?
(laughs)
I really don't want to go
to Liam's bar right now.
What if he's there
with that girl again?
Who cares?
It's not like
you're going alone.
(chuckling)
Come on. It'll be fun.
Besides, if we don't go,
Holly will kill us.
Ugh.
Come, Annie,
we go to Greece Mix.
(laughs)
Okay, we'll go
to the "Greece Mix."
♪ ♪
IVY:
Dude, you are killing it!
(laughs)
Yeah?
These aren't even
the money tracks.
I'm saving those
for Juice.
Well, I'm sure
you'll do great.
(sighs)
I better.
I got everything
riding on this.
Tonight could make
or break my career.
It's like life
or death.
Okay.
I mean, it's not really...
What the hell?
Oh, how tacky.
I think it's
kind of cool.
I mean, in a
totally tacky way.
(partygoers cheering)
I must say, I had my doubts,
but the palanquins
are a nice touch.
(laughing)
The what?
The litters.
The chairs held
by the gladiators.
Who cares?
Everyone loves us.
That's the spirit, Margene.
Ladies, Zeta Rho Pi
has officially arrived.
(whooping and cheering)
Come on. Come on.
You Americans have
a very curious way
of celebrating
culture.
(laughs) Yeah, I never
really thought about it
like that, but yeah,
I guess we kind of do.
So do you want to celebrate
some Greek culture
with me out on
the dance floor?
It is my honor.
♪ ♪
(no dialogue)
How are you?
Fine.
I know you just want
to be coworkers,
but I can't help it.
I care about you.
And I know it
can't be easy
seeing Annie kiss
another guy.
(sighs)
Actually, it sucked.
I'm sorry.
I deserve it.
I hurt her.
That's what I do, right?
And I hurt Jane, too.
She's leaving town
because of me.
No, she's not.
Yeah, she is.
She's mad at me 'cause I didn't
tell her about Annie.
That's not why
she's leaving.
I told her I wasn't going
to say anything to you.
Well, she's leaving
because she thinks, by staying,
she'll mess up your life
even more than she already has.
What?
Why would she think that?
Because she's pregnant.
What?
It's Jim's baby.
She really didn't
want me to tell you.
But I can't let you think
this is your fault.
Thank you.
Yeah, of course.
Um, hey, I'm sorry
about the other day, by the way.
Clearly, um,
I was wrong about you.
Thanks.
Navid.
Here's the money
I owe you.
We're even now.
So you can take
your porn shoot,
and you can move it
somewhere else.
Navid, who said we
were shooting porn?
Come on.
Your father and I
were in the business
of providing for
our families,
and I'd like to do exactly
the same with you.
What is this?
Are those stolen cars?
Wait, uh...
you're running
a car theft ring
on my stage?
No.
We're running a car theft
ring out of your stage.
I'm calling the cops.
Navid, stop and think.
This operation
is running
out of your stage
under your company name.
It's a Shirazi
Studio production.
If anyone's getting arrested,
it's you and your staff.
You have a family
to think about now.
Do you really think
that your sister
would be better off
if you were in jail?
♪ ♪
Well done, Naomi.
You made Greek chic.
Kudos.
I told you I'd find a way in.
Yeah, maybe.
But you're still in
a loser sorority.
They're not losers, Holly.
Really? Then, why'd you
call them that earlier?
Did you say
we were losers?
I didn't mean that.
Then, why'd you
make them over?
I wanted to help you guys.
You wanted to
help them,
or you wanted
to help yourself?
Admit it, Naomi--
you were embarrassed
to be seen with them.
And you used them
to hoist yourself
up the CU social ladder.
Is that true? You didn't want
to be a Zeta Rho Pi?
Tell them, Naomi.
They deserve to know the truth.
And by the way, ladies,
love the togas.
You have every right
to be mad at me.
Okay? What I did was wrong.
How could you
use us like that?
I'm sorry, okay? I just
wanted to get back at Holly
because she made me feel
like such an outcast.
But I went about it
in all the wrong ways.
So you can have
your sorority back.
I resign.
But for what it's worth,
tonight...
...I was really proud
to be one of you guys.
So last night,
my boyfriend told me
that he would do Megan Fox
if he had the chance.
And he works at that
coffee shop on Melrose,
so it could
totally happen.
What an ass.
You know, that's totally
grounds for breaking up.
I know, right?
Feel like my world
is crashing down around me.
Life just
isn't fair sometimes.
I'm sorry,
but if you seriously think
your world is crashing on down
around you because-- what?--
your boyfriend
made some stupid remark
about some
stupid actress,
then, girl, you got bigger
problems than your boyfriend.
Um, mind your own
business, loser.
Right. What did you just say?
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
Sorry. I think
my friend's drunk.
She doesn't mean
what she's saying.
That's funny,
because I'm not drunk,
and I meant everything
I just said.
What was that?
Nothing.
Just forget about it, dude.
You wouldn't understand.
Ivy.
Silver, I really, really...
I don't know--
I don't want to have some
big heart-to-heart, okay, babe?
My mom had cancer.
I remember what it was like.
You know, I
once got so mad
at a waiter for
complaining to me
that I threw my
iced tea in his face.
It's just, like,
I'm looking around me, Silver,
and all I see are people
who have it so good
and they don't even
realize it.
You know,
they don't even know
how to appreciate
what they have
while they have it,
and that just... I don't know...
I don't know--
it makes me want to, like...
Hit someone?
Look, the good thing
about you and Raj--
when all of this is over
and he gets better--
and he will get better--
you're never going to take
anything for granted again.
Well, I just wish
we could kind of,
like, fast-forward
to that point, you know?
I wish we could, too.
Hey, but until then,
you got me.
I'm here whenever
you need me.
(clears throat)
You have a minute?
Uh, I'll be right back.
(sighs)
You were right.
About what?
To reject my proposal--
you were right.
Something did happen
over the summer.
A friend of mine
from the boat died,
and when he did, I spent
some time with his wife, Jane.
And I started, um--
I don't know--
hav-having feelings for her,
I guess.
But I knew
it was wrong,
so I ran away, and that's
when I came back to you.
Why... why are you
telling me this?
Because you deserve
to know the truth.
I mean, I-I went away
last spring
to figure out
what I wanted to be,
and I came back
even more confused.
So you proposed?
Yeah, I know
I went too far.
I just thought you
could make it all better.
You always do.
But I know it was wrong,
and I shouldn't
have hurt you like that.
Then I saw you with that guy,
and I just...
Oh, please, that...
that was so stupid.
I'm sorry.
No, no.
It's just...
(sighs)
It seems like we keep
hurting each other.
I mean, if...
if it's this complicated,
maybe it's just not meant to be.
(sighs)
Uh, yeah, I mean,
maybe you're right.
(chuckles softly)
I still love you, Annie.
(laughs)
I always will.
You, too.
♪ ♪
Hi. Hey.
Where you been? Dixon's
just finishing his set.
I just
spoke to Juice.
I totally screwed up.
He got so upset.
Hey, guys.
Um...
Hey.
Have you seen Juice?
I-I don't think he showed up.
Look, man, um, it's my fault
he's not here.
W-What do you mean?
I gave his stage space
to someone else last minute
because th-they were
willing to pay more,
and Juice got pissed.
That's why he's not here.
What the hell?
Do you know how much
this means to me?
Yeah.
Do you know how much
I worked for this?
Yeah, I know.
No, you don't!
Because if you did,
then you wouldn't have done it!
Dixon, bro..
Whoa!
Are you okay?
That's not like you.
What's going on?
I'm fine.
I'm just tired.
Haven't slept in two days 'cause
I been working on this set.
I'm really sorry.
Yeah, you should be.
I don't want
you to leave.
I have to.
Listen, I've made a lot
of mistakes in my life,
and I have hurt the
people that I love most,
and I don't want
to do that anymore.
I just want to be in
a good relationship,
where you can be
open about stuff
and talk or whatever
and be honest.
And I want that with you.
I'm pregnant.
I know.
Adrianna.
She only told me
because she cares.
Look, I don't know how
we're gonna live together
or run a bar or
raise a baby.
Matter of fact, I'm pretty
sure it's impossible.
But I want to
give it a try.
Most guys would run
the other way if they found out
the girl they were seeing
is carrying someone else's baby.
I'm not running away.
I'm done running.
I'm staying
right here.
So, will you stay?
Annie! Annie.
Great night, right?
Ugh, not really.
I kind of just
want to go home.
Too many drinks?
I totally
understand.
Maybe...
this will make
you feel better.
Uh, okay.
What is this for?
It's your... cut
for the night.
From the guys.
Wha... Oh, my God.
They-They paid us to
hang out with them.
Bree, we are like
prostitutes.
No, we're not prostitutes.
We're escorts.
It's totally legal.
My clients are
basically tourists,
who just want to hang out
and get the local experience.
I keep it completely "G."
Well, at least I did
until you went
and kissed that guy.
Well...
If I'd known
you were gonna
make out with him,
I totally would've charged more.
You tricked me.
I-- No, Annie.
I just, I wanted you to see
how fun we could have
before you got all... judge-y.
Well, it would not
have been as much fun
had I known what was going on.
I mean, the whole
thing is gross, okay?
This money is dirty.
Okay. Fine,
I can take it back.
You know,
there would've been more,
except I already
took out your sorority dues.
Just want this day to be over.
Why did you need
the money so badly
that you bumped
Juice for Justin?
I'm running a business, Silver.
You saw for yourself,
we're not turning a profit.
I have to change that.
Okay.
But I feel like you're
not telling me something.
Can we please
just drop it?
No.
Look, I'm a part of
Shirazi Studios, too.
If something is wrong,
you got to let me in.
Come on, we're
in this together.
Right?
No, you're right.
Okay.
I have been keeping
something from you.
(sighs)
I don't, I don't think
we should be working together.
So you're firing me?
No, that's not...
You just told
me yesterday
what a great
job I'm doing.
You were doing a great job.
Then what is this?
It's...
I want to protect you.
Protect me from what?
I...
What is going on?
Come on. I love you,
and I want to help you.
I know, and I love you, too,
and that's part of the reason
I can't tell you
what's going on.
I just need you to trust me.
Okay?
Silver.
If you're here
to get back at me
for what I did, I'm not even
gonna put up a fight.
You can yell at me, hit me,
throw me into the dipping pool,
whatever you want.
I know I deserve it.
You do deserve it.
But that's not why we're here.
MARGENE:
We talked about it,
and we know you're sorry.
People make mistakes.
Part of being a sorority sister
is accepting each other,
faults and all.
I lied to you.
I ruined your night.
True, but I got a guy's number,
and he's taller than me.
Our babies would totally
rule the galaxy.
(laughter)
And my gladiator
asked me out to dinner.
It turns out, we have matching
dead unicorn tattoos.
Sometimes the
darkest nights
give rise to
brightest mornings.
Sometimes good comes from bad.
Despite all the bad parts
of tonight, it
was actually
one of the best nights
our sorority's ever had.
And that's all because of you.
MARGENE:
And so we refuse
to accept your resignation.
Guys, I don't deserve this.
We know.
Sisters?
Sisters.
Now that our troops
are in line,
we have a common enemy
to attack.
We do?
Holly. She made us
look like fools,
and she called us losers.
Another part of being
a sorority sister
is having each
other's backs.
So what do you say?
Should we give Holly a
dose of her own medicine?
I say the bitch is going down.
Yes!
(laughter)
Find anything yet?
Look at this.
(chuckles)
I knew Annie
was hiding something.
Perfect.
It's a love letter from
Naomi's ex-boyfriend
breaking her heart.
Aw.
This'll come in handy when
I'm bringing that bitch down.
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
and FORD. Drive One.
Nice work.
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org